from Liron a year the internationally
acclaimed director of kamasutra
Mississippi masala and the Academy
award-nominated Salaam Bombay comes
Monsoon Wedding I don't think you're
ready for language I just want to sit
her down so what do you do get married
to some guy selected by mummy daddy very
morning for couple of weeks in a place
where marriage is arranged a bride-to-be
can't let go of an old flame what was so
important you don't want to marry me
anymore
Roger Ebert calls Monsoon Wedding a
delightful romantic comedy one of the
most exhilarating movies of the new
century and Entertainment Weekly raids
Monsoon Wedding sent my spirits soaring
out of the theatre if only their lives
are happy before that I'm going to take
on every trouble
[Music]
submerge yourself just thinking I
couldn't get girls in all the romance
yeah I know it's a risk but what
marriage isn't a risk of a monsoon
wedding
[Music]